# Financial Service Complaint Management

## Introduction
Receiving a complaint from a consumer happens everyday in the world of business. While nobody likes complaint, an consumer’s complaint present business with an opportunity to identify and rectify specific problems with your current product or service. They can also help you to develop your relationship with your customer by allowing you to demonstrate that you value them by taking their concerns seriously and dealing with their complaint. Service complaints management is a critical part of business management. A good complaint management strategy will result in best customer relationship outcome with minimal human resource investment. On the other hand, consumers usually have  a hard time to understand company’s the complaint process, and end in dispute with response outcome.  Lack of understanding between business and consumer will certainly result in reduced efficiency of the total complaining process.

## Objective
This project aims to develop a machine learning algorithm model via public financial service complaint data to provide insight about complaint management in financial service. The complaining is a two-way process involving consumer’s submission, business response, and consumer’s decision to accept or dispute the response. The developed model provides benefits in both directions. In another word, two models were developed in this project. One aims to predict customer dispute probability from the point of business for better customer service management, and the other model provides company’s response prediction from the point of individual consumer. As far as I know, this is the first time that the machine learning algorithm was applied in the field of complaint management. The similar concept may be implemented in other types of service complaint management in the future.Data Resource

Details: [Final Report](ipynb/final_report.pdf)
